Clean up "here" link anchors in articles (#29755)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/fleet-desktop-says-hello-world.md

Fleet Premium users can point this link to an internal resource to customize the content for their organization’s situation.

## Deploying Fleet Desktop

> To install Fleet Desktop on your end users' machines, you will need to [generate a new osquery insaller](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/adding-hosts#fleet-desktop) and run it on end users’ machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Fleet Desktop on your end users' machines, you will need to [generate a fleetd agent](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/adding-hosts#fleet-desktop) and run it on end users’ machines.
```
